How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It shows the lines that were changed, removed or added and does not show the lines that
    remained equal.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can find differences to the older version very quick.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: you can make differences that you don't want to save to get to the older version quickly
    Cons: you can easily forget to save your changes

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    Answer answer bla bla bla

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    Answer answer bla bla bla

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    In Google, most docs do not interfer with each other while programming does have these 
    interferences -> important to save the whole repository.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Answer answer bla bla bla
